As a hatchling, Gwydion was always curious and looking for new things to explore. As an older child, he and his best friend Kirea were always getting into trouble through their enthusiasm for creativity and invention. After they had been sent to bed early the adults discussed what groundbreaking discoveries they might make one day through their insatiable quest for knowledge. As an adult, it became clear that he has no interest in things that might prove [i]useful[/i] somehow, but instead in finding out all there is to know about everything [i]pointless[/i].

It soon became a topic of fascination how the dragon who can describe the anatomy and creation of a teacake in minute detail can have such little awareness of how his own body is built and functions. He can find the last ghost orchid in a thousand hectares of forest without fail, but send him on an errand to the next clan over and he will inevitably end up needing to be rescued from the Cloudsong ropes he is dangling from by his tail. He will never muster the attention span to explain exactly [i]how[/i] he had ended up there and instead will treat his saviours to a disjointed ramble about leaves, pre-romantic poetry, and butterfly hairs, before forgetting his audience completely and heading off after some real or imagined speck.

As far as magic goes, he can create dazzling displays of sparks and smoke, but cannot concentrate that magic into a force that could provide any practical assistance in a task. He loves to create shows for the hatchlings and to go out into the world and meet new dragons. He is generally discouraged, however, from tagging along on any journeys where diplomacy is required, as he shows little awareness of the social workings and political agendas and will more often than not Put His Foot In It by making an oblivious offhand comment. This tends to lead to a rather hasty departure by his clanmates, potentially at rather unsociable hours and while wearing every piece of armour or other protection they brought, just in case.


-----

"Gwydion, these are not tropical plants. They look like they came from some freezing wasteland."
"They did. I thought it was an odd place to look, but I went where you told me and that was what I found."
"Are you sure you went [i]exactly[/i] where I said?"
"Yes. I went... uh... that way."
"That's not east, that's south. You went to the Southern Icefield. Surely all the [i]ice[/i] and lack of vegetation gave you some sort of clue."
"So, the Viridian Labyrinth isn't cold and full of snow?"
"No."
"...Oh"