"What do you mean he's gone?!?!"

Fen pushed her way out of the main hall to find Poddlewise towering over Cabbage and Boreas in the clearing. The ridgeback continued to rant at the cowering hatchlings, oblivious to their discomfort.

"He can't be gone, [i]I'm[/i] supposed to kill him. What, did he just decide that using his godly powers to inflict suffering on countless helpless children was getting old and boring? That he'd rather bugger off to who knows where just to spite his nemesis? He's probably gone and moved to a volcano on the moon, hasn't he, just to make sure that all my time spent swimming was for nothing. He's laughing now, knowing that I didn't have to go through all that, knowing that [i]I know[/i] that now I won't even get to use the skills I've endured so much to obtain." He flapped his wings a few times in agitation.

"Pod, you're scaring the children," Fen began as she approached. "Step away and calm down."

Poddlewise narrowed his eyes at her. "Did you know about this? Was anyone in this clan planning on actually ever telling me that the Tidelord was missing? Or did you just forget, even though even the hatchlings somehow know and are making games out of it?"

Fen winced. In truth, the rest of the clan had gone back and forth on whether to tell him, but as no one had wanted to be the dragon to do it the matter had remained unaddressed. She had personally been clinging to the belief that the missing deity would be back any day now and therefore there was no need to rush into hasty confrontations. She paused a moment to consider her next words, aware that her screaming tickbird would give away any lies.

"The Gods have hardly felt the need to inform us mortals of their every action over the millennia. Water flight still thrives: their children are born healthy, their mages still cast, and the essence of their territory remains intact. If there were anything truly wrong it would be felt in the very fabric of Sornieth, yet the world remains balanced."

"Balanced?" Poddlewise looked incredulous. "The Twisting Crescendo stopped, remember that? That ain't right. And Edgar and the others have been talking of escalating tensions in the Wasteland. And Emperors! I've done my best to avoid listening - you know how couriers are - but if one "impossibility" is true, who knows? Maybe not all their tales are wild flights of fancy dreamt up by too many hours out in the Weather."

"The world is moving on as normal. Dragons throughout Sornieth are going about their lives as usual. Strange events have always surrounded the Gods; that is their nature. They know what they are doing and we must have faith in them."

Poddlewise laughed in disbelief. "The Gods have never known what they're doing. I've heard enough of your speeches to know that you'll never accept that, but you've surely heard enough of mine to know my stance on the matter. Now if you don't have anything useful to say, I'm going to ask the maren what they know. They should be more help than anyone here."

"You're on speaking terms with the maren?" Fen inquired sceptically. "Don't you hate everything to do with the sea?"

"They are a useful source of information. I will need every resource at my disposal to kill a God. Which I still intend to do, as soon as I find his hiding place." With that, Poddlewise launched into the air, before diving downwards and disappearing into the glistening water far below.